This project is with the goal making a fun project based on somthing that I though of a couple of weeks age,
and I am going to be using technologies that I have learned to practice and reforce best practice with this project.

I am going to be postponing the sitemap/wireframe as well as the design language and style that will be using,
until I have created the desired the functionallity. Inwhich these methods will  be used 
Create a site map and wireframe: A site map is a diagram that shows the structure of your website, including the pages and how they are linked together. A wireframe is a simple sketch of each page's layout and content.
 Creating a site map and wireframe will help you visualize the structure and content of your website.

Plan the design and style of your website: What kind of visual style do you want for your website? What colors, fonts, and images do you want to use? Planning the design and style of your website will help you create a cohesive and visually appealing website.

how am i going to save the players ? in the database 
storing the name and  description 
how to store the image is to be figured out 

mj description 
Michael Jordan, born February 17, 1963, is a former professional basketball player, businessperson, and owner/chairman of the Charlotte Hornets and 23XI Racing. He played 15 seasons in the NBA, winning 6 championships with the Chicago Bulls. Jordan is widely considered the greatest basketball player of all time. He was a college player with the North Carolina Tar Heels and won the national championship as a freshman. Jordan was a 5-time MVP, 10-time scoring champion, and holds multiple NBA records. He has been inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame twice and was named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team in 2021. Jordan is also known for his product endorsements, Nike's Air Jordan sneakers, and starring in the film Space Jam and the documentary series The Last Dance. His net worth as of 2023 is estimated at $1.7 billion.


TDC Need to figure out / Ask Sage what my config is so that i can connect the project that I have created.